= Intuit SAML 

Allows a ruby-based web site to federate with the Intuit Parter Platform (more information available at https://ipp.developer.intuit.com/ipp/federated) and work with Intuit's single sign-on solution.

== Description

In order to federate a web application with Intuit's cloud environment, the Intuit Partner Platform, the app needs to provide a SAML gateway to handle incoming SAML responses from Intuit's outgoing SAML gateway.  

== Install

	gem install intuit-saml
	
=== Source
	
The source is available via SVN at the {Intuit open source repository}[https://code.intuit.com/sf/wiki/do/viewPage/projects.ipp_fed_auth/wiki/RubySAMLGateway].  It may be hosted on Github in the future-- check back for more information as we continue development.

=== Dependencies

Due to issues with the older openssl lib, intuit-saml requires Ruby 1.8.7.
	
== Creating a SAML Gateway

Below are the general steps to using this gem to create your own SAML gateway so that you can federate with Intuit's cloud services and get access to user and company information.  Please note that currently this library is targeted ONLY at providing SAML response decryption and unpacking.  It does not currently provide model access to any of the IPP data, nor does it automate integration with your particular user authentication/authorization system.

=== Sample usage

  saml = Intuit::Saml.new(
    :saml_xml => Base64.decode64(params[:SAMLResponse]),
    :private_key => File.read('/path/to/your/private-key.key')
  )
  
  ticket = saml.ticket
  target_url = saml.application_destination_url
  auth_id = saml.auth_id # known as an auth_id_pseudonym
  realm_id = saml.realm_id # known as a realm_id_pseudonym
  provider_id = saml.provider_id # known as 'Federated Service Provider ID'
  signature = saml.signature

=== Summary 

Once the gem is installed, you will have access to an Intuit::Saml class.  Use this class to decrypt the SAML Response from the Intuit outgoing gateway; inside you will find a <tt>ticket</tt> and an <tt>application_destination_url</tt>.  You can use the ticket to call back into IPP and retrieve information about the user and their company.

== Running tests

To run tests just run "bundle exec rake" from the project's root directory.
	
== Contributions

Please consider joining the Intuit Open Source community at http://code.intuit.com to submit patches and enhancements for this gem. 

== Authors

intuit-saml was originally written by Nathan Smith.  Other contributors include:
* Zachery Moneypenny

== License

This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0 which accompanies this distribution, and is available at http://www.opensource.org/licenses/eclipse-1.0.php.  See accompanying LICENSE file for more information.